android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getClientWidth()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerLockMode(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setParallaxDistance(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getParallaxDistance()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setSliderFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getSliderFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setCoveredFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getCoveredFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.android.volley.Request$Priority: com.android.volley.Request$Priority[] values()
com.android.volley.Request$Priority: com.android.volley.Request$Priority valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.android.volley.toolbox.NetworkImageView: void setDefaultImageResId(int)
com.android.volley.toolbox.NetworkImageView: void setErrorImageResId(int)
com.doubleservice.DataVO.GlobalDataVO$AlertMsg: com.doubleservice.DataVO.GlobalDataVO$AlertMsg[] values()
com.doubleservice.DataVO.GlobalDataVO$AlertMsg: com.doubleservice.DataVO.GlobalDataVO$AlertMsg valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.AdActivity
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.AdActivity: AdActivity()
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.ApplicationController
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.ApplicationController: ApplicationController()
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.FreeHomepage
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.FreeHomepage: FreeHomepage()
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.IbeaconService
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.IbeaconService: IbeaconService()
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.MemberHappyGo
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.MemberHappyGo: MemberHappyGo()
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.Navigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.Navigation: Navigation()
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.PushMessageService
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.PushMessageService: PushMessageService()
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.PushMsgFileActivity
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.PushMsgFileActivity: PushMsgFileActivity()
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$anim: int child_detect_anim
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$anim: int popupwindow_in
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$anim: int popupwindow_out
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$array: int fileEndingAudio
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$array: int fileEndingExcel
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$array: int fileEndingImage
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$array: int fileEndingPPT
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$array: int fileEndingPackage
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$array: int fileEndingPdf
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$array: int fileEndingText
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$array: int fileEndingVideo
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$array: int fileEndingWebText
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$array: int fileEndingWord
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int foldNumber
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrAdapterViewBackground
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrAnimationStyle
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrDrawable
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrDrawableBottom
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrDrawableEnd
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrDrawableStart
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrDrawableTop
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrHeaderBackground
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrHeaderSubTextColor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrHeaderTextAppearance
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrHeaderTextColor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrListViewExtrasEnabled
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrMode
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrOverScroll
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrRefreshableViewBackground
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrRotateDrawableWhilePulling
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrScrollingWhileRefreshingEnabled
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrShowIndicator
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int ptrSubHeaderTextAppearance
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int switchPadding
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int textAllCaps
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int textOff
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int textOn
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int thumb
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$attr: int track
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int black
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int blue
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int contents_text
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int encode_view
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int gray
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int green
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int homepage_backgroud_color
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int lightblue
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int lightgray
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int lightorange
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int lightred
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int mynamecard_FontColor_labelColor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int newsFontColor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int orange
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int possible_result_points
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int productInfo_FontColor_dark
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int red
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int result_minor_text
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int result_points
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int result_text
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int result_view
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int route_color
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int static_text_color
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int status_text
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int transparent
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int transparent2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int viewfinder_laser
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int viewfinder_mask
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$color: int white
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int ad_0_5_6
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int ad_1_1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int ad_1_2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int ad_21century
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int arrow
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int bg_actionbar
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int bg_btm
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int bg_edit_text
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int bg_friend_des_bottom
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int bg_name_field
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int bg_parking_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int bg_pic
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int bg_reservation_default
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int bg_reservation_list_default
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int bg_setting_time
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_big_nav
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_brand
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_cance
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_cancel
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_complete
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_delete_beacon
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_delete_car
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_findchild
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_findfriend
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_floor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_food
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_happygo
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_navigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_no
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_parking
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_parking_done
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_parking_start
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_prev
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_promotion
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_reservation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_reservation_cancel
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_reservation_disable
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_start_navigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_start_to_use
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int btn_yes
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int child_detect_f1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int child_detect_f2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int child_detect_f3
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int child_detect_f4
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content01
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content02
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content03
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content04
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content05
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content06
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content07
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content08
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content09
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content10
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content11
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content12
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content13
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content14
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int content15
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int drawer_shadow
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int edit_beacon_no
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int find_child_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int friendpoint
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int header
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int ic_drawer
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_account
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_child_detect
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_child_small
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_close
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_close_navi
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_drawer
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_find_brand
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_find_child
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_find_friend
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_find_friend_big
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_find_promotion
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_floor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_food
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_happygo
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_home
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_little_car
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_location_small
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_myfriend
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_navi_end
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_navi_start
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_parking
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int icon_parking_small
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_car
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_contact_list
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_defaut_big
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_dr_bottom
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_empty
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_find_child
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_list_default
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_map_sogo
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_navigation_popview_no_navi
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_navigation_popview_with_navi
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_navigation_setting_start_and_end
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_reservation2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_reservation_bottom
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_seprate_line
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int img_setting_navigation_start
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int item_bg
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int locate_pin
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int logo
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int map_bigcity
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int map_bigcity2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int map_bigcity_big
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int map_parking_place
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int map_sogo
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int menu_change_map
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int menu_icon
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int navigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int pin
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int point2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int point3
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int relocate
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int reservation_info_number
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int reservation_info_time
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int reserve01
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int roller
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int setting_icon
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int targetpoint
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int targetpoint_green
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int view_line
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$drawable: int view_line1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int action
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int action_close
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int action_goback_setup
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int action_selectfloor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int action_settings
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int activity_frame
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int both
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int bottom_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int brandContent
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int brandTitle
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnBackward
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnCancel
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnComplete
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnConfirm
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnDeleteCar
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnFindChild
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnFindFriend
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnFloorMap
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnHappyGoMember
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnNav
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnNavigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnParking
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnReservation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnReservationCancel
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnSearchBrand
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnSearchFood
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnSearchPromotion
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btnStart
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int btn_navigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int button_set_route
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int ckBoxRing
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int disabled
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int divide
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int drawerTitle
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int drawer_icon
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int drawer_itemName
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int drawer_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int editBeaconMajor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int edit_phone
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int edittext_end
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int edittext_start
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int flip
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int friendName
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int friendPhone
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int headerLayout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView10
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView11
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView12
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView13
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView14
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView15
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView3
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView4
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView5
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView6
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView7
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView8
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageView9
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imageline1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int img
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imgIsWarning
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int imgIsWarningSound
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int img_btnComplete
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int img_btnDelete
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int img_empty
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int img_navi_setting_start_and_end
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int img_top_view
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int intent_reservation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int intent_sort
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int itemLayout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int left_drawer
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int linearLayout1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int linearLayout2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int linearLayout3
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int linear_end_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int linear_start_navigation_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int linear_start_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int listView1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int listViewPage1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int list_image
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int manualOnly
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int navigationView
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int navigation_main_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int nicknameLayout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int popup_window_food_and_shop_target_name
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int popupwindow_linear1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int popupwindow_linear2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int pullDownFromTop
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int pullFromEnd
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int pullFromStart
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int pullUpFromBottom
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int pupop_window_navigation_target
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int pupop_window_plan_navigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int pupop_window_start_locate
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int pupop_window_stop_navigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int relativeLayout1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int rotate
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int scrollView1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int show_num_picker
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int text
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int text1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int text2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int textView1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int textView2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int textView3
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int textView4
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int textView5
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int thumbnail
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int timePicker
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int titleLayout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int topView
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int top_textview
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtArea
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtBrandContent
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtBrandTitle
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtCurrentTime
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtDetectRegion
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtDeviceName
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtPeoplePicker
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtPromotionalContent
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtPromotionalTitle
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtSettingTime
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtTime
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtTimePicker
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int txtWarningDis
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int view
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int view1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int view2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int viewpage
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$id: int webView1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int actionbar_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int activity_drawer_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int activity_main
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int ad_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int beacon_setup_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int brand_content_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int brand_list_items
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int brand_list_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int child_detect_des_page
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int child_detect_page
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int custom_drawer_item
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int dr_list_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int dr_page_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int dr_reservation_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int find_friends_des_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int friend_item
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int friend_list_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int homepage_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int main_brand_tag_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int main_promo_tag_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int member_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int navigation_popup_window
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int navigation_popup_window_food_and_shop
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int navigation_popup_window_friend
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int navigation_popup_window_parking
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int navigation_route_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int park_info
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int park_time_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int park_warn_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int parking_des_page
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int parking_space_list
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int parking_time_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int phone_register_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int position1f
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int promotional_content_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int push_msg_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int reservation_bynumber_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int reservation_bytime_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int reservation_info_layout
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$layout: int units_item
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$menu: int cancel_msg_view
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$menu: int dr_list_menu
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$menu: int main
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$menu: int menu_find_child
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$menu: int menu_navigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$menu: int park_setting_bar
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$raw: int doorbell
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int action_bar_item_navigation_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int action_bar_item_select_floor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int action_bar_item_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int action_settings
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int app_name
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int arrive_target
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialig_msg_cant_detect_device
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_btn_cancel
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_btn_close
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_btn_confirm
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_btn_gosetting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_btn_remove
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_btn_retry
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_beacon_service
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_ble_not_work
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_child_gone
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_delete_beacon
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_download_fail_tips
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_find_friend_tips
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_function_building
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_get_contact_list_fail
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_get_file
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_gotomap
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_no_reservation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_park_delete
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_parking_ontime
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_parking_space
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_people1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_people2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_people3
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_people4
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_people5
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_reservation1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_reservation2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_reservation_cancel
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_reservation_content
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_msg_reservation_success
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_child_gone
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_download_fail
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_get_push_msg
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_no_reservation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_park_delete
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_park_time_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_parking_space_choice
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_parking_warning
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_reservation_cancel
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_reservation_method
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int dialog_title_reservation_success
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int hello_world
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_btn_backward
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_btn_complete
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_btn_confirm
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_btn_start
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_find_child_des
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_find_child_edittext_hint
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_find_child_field
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_find_child_txt1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_find_friend_des
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_list_item1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_list_item2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_list_item3
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_list_item4
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_list_item5
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_navigation_setting_current_locate
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_navigation_setting_end
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_navigation_setting_select_end
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_navigation_setting_select_start
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_navigation_setting_start
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_des
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_set
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_setting_str
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_setting_str2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_space
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time10
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time11
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time12
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time13
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time3
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time4
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time5
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time6
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time7
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time8
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_parking_time9
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_reservation_des
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_reservation_people
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_reservation_time
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_title_park_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int layout_title_reservation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int map_parking_area_a
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int map_parking_map_name
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_account
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_close
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_dr_list_reservation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_dr_list_sort
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_dr_list_sort1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_dr_list_sort2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_dr_list_sort3
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_dr_list_sort_title
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_find_brand
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_find_child
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_find_friend
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_find_promotion
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_floor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_food
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_happygo
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_home
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_member
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_navigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_news
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_open
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_parking
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_push_msg
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int menu_pushad
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int notification_msg_ad
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int notification_title_ad
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int parking_elevator
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int popup_navigation
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int progress_dialog_msg_change_map
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int progress_dialog_msg_contactlist_refresh
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int progress_dialog_msg_download
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int progress_dialog_msg_get_friend_location
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int progress_dialog_title_contactlist_refresh
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int progress_dialog_title_download
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int progress_dialog_title_get_file
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int progress_dialog_title_wait
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int setting_warn
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int setting_warn_region
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int setting_warn_ring
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int setting_warn_sound
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int shop1
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int shop2
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int shop3
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int shop4
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int shop5
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int shop6
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_ble_not_work
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_delete_beacon
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_detect_current_and_target_not_in_same_floor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_detect_not_in_floor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_findfriend_fail
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_fingerprint_download_fail
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_fingerprint_download_ok
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_goto7f
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_locate_out_of_time
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_no_navitarget_data
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_park_delete
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_park_setting
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_reserve_ok
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_wrong_beacon_number
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$string: int toast_str_wrong_phone_number
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$style: int AppTheme
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$style: int CustomActionBar
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$style: int MyActionBarStyle
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$style: int MyActionBarTitleText
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$style: int anim_popup_window
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int[] FoldingMenu
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int FoldingMenu_foldNumber
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int[] PullToRefresh
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrAdapterViewBackground
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrAnimationStyle
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrDrawable
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrDrawableBottom
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrDrawableEnd
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrDrawableStart
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrDrawableTop
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrHeaderBackground
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrHeaderSubTextColor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrHeaderTextAppearance
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrHeaderTextColor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrListViewExtrasEnabled
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrMode
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrOverScroll
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrRefreshableViewBackground
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrRotateDrawableWhilePulling
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrScrollingWhileRefreshingEnabled
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrShowIndicator
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int PullToRefresh_ptrSubHeaderTextAppearance
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int[] Switch
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int Switch_switchMinWidth
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int Switch_switchPadding
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int Switch_switchTextAppearance
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int Switch_textOff
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int Switch_textOn
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int Switch_thumb
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int Switch_thumbTextPadding
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int Switch_track
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHighlight
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorLink
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.R$xml: int beacon_preference
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.WiFiService
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.WiFiService: WiFiService()
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.drawer.BaseDrawerActivity
com.doubleservice.bigcitynavigation.drawer.BaseDrawerActivity: BaseDrawerActivity()
com.doubleservice.brand.BrandList
com.doubleservice.brand.BrandList: BrandList()
com.doubleservice.brand.FreeBrandPage
com.doubleservice.brand.FreeBrandPage: FreeBrandPage()
com.doubleservice.brand.MainBrandLayout
com.doubleservice.brand.MainBrandLayout: MainBrandLayout()
com.doubleservice.dr.DinningRoomList
com.doubleservice.dr.DinningRoomList: DinningRoomList()
com.doubleservice.dr.FreeDinningRoomPage
com.doubleservice.dr.FreeDinningRoomPage: FreeDinningRoomPage()
com.doubleservice.dr.FreeReservation
com.doubleservice.dr.FreeReservation: FreeReservation()
com.doubleservice.dr.FreeReservationByNumber
com.doubleservice.dr.FreeReservationByNumber: FreeReservationByNumber()
com.doubleservice.dr.FreeReservationByTime
com.doubleservice.dr.FreeReservationByTime: FreeReservationByTime()
com.doubleservice.dr.FreeReservationInfo
com.doubleservice.dr.FreeReservationInfo: FreeReservationInfo()
com.doubleservice.findchild.ChildBeaconSetup
com.doubleservice.findchild.ChildBeaconSetup: ChildBeaconSetup()
com.doubleservice.findchild.ChildDetectService
com.doubleservice.findchild.ChildDetectService: ChildDetectService()
com.doubleservice.findchild.DetectPage
com.doubleservice.findchild.DetectPage: DetectPage()
com.doubleservice.findchild.FindChildDescription
com.doubleservice.findchild.FindChildDescription: FindChildDescription()
com.doubleservice.findfriends.FindFriendDes
com.doubleservice.findfriends.FindFriendDes: FindFriendDes()
com.doubleservice.findfriends.FriendList
com.doubleservice.findfriends.FriendList: FriendList()
com.doubleservice.parking.ParkAlarmReceiver
com.doubleservice.parking.ParkAlarmReceiver: ParkAlarmReceiver()
com.doubleservice.parking.ParkDescription
com.doubleservice.parking.ParkDescription: ParkDescription()
com.doubleservice.parking.ParkWarningSetting
com.doubleservice.parking.ParkWarningSetting: ParkWarningSetting()
com.doubleservice.parking.UserParkingInfo
com.doubleservice.parking.UserParkingInfo: UserParkingInfo()
com.doubleservice.promotional.FreePromotionalPage
com.doubleservice.promotional.FreePromotionalPage: FreePromotionalPage()
com.doubleservice.promotional.MainPromotional
com.doubleservice.promotional.MainPromotional: MainPromotional()
com.doubleservice.promotional.PromotionalList
com.doubleservice.promotional.PromotionalList: PromotionalList()
com.james.views.FreeEditText: void setPicSize(int)
com.james.views.FreeEditText: void setTextSizeFitSp(float)
com.james.views.FreeEditText: void setTextSizeFitPx(float)
com.james.views.FreeLayout: void setDatum(int)
com.james.views.FreeLayout: void setPicSize(int)
com.james.views.FreeLayout: void setImageCrop(android.widget.ImageView)
com.james.views.FreeTextButton: void setPicSize(int)
com.james.views.FreeTextButton: void setTextSizeFitSp(float)
com.james.views.FreeTextButton: void setTextSizeFitPx(float)
com.james.views.FreeTextView: void setPicSize(int)
com.james.views.FreeTextView: void setTextSizeFitSp(float)
com.james.views.FreeTextView: void setTextSizeFitPx(float)
com.longevitysoft.android.xml.plist.PListXMLHandler$ParseMode: com.longevitysoft.android.xml.plist.PListXMLHandler$ParseMode[] values()
com.longevitysoft.android.xml.plist.PListXMLHandler$ParseMode: com.longevitysoft.android.xml.plist.PListXMLHandler$ParseMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.longevitysoft.android.xml.plist.domain.PListObjectType: com.longevitysoft.android.xml.plist.domain.PListObjectType[] values()
com.longevitysoft.android.xml.plist.domain.PListObjectType: com.longevitysoft.android.xml.plist.domain.PListObjectType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.BleNotAvailableException
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.BleNotAvailableException: long serialVersionUID
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.BleNotAvailableException: BleNotAvailableException(java.lang.String)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int PROXIMITY_IMMEDIATE
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int PROXIMITY_NEAR
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int PROXIMITY_FAR
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int PROXIMITY_UNKNOWN
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: char[] hexArray
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: java.lang.String proximityUuid
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int major
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int minor
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: java.lang.Integer proximity
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: java.lang.Double accuracy
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int rssi
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int txPower
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: java.lang.Double runningAverageRssi
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.IBeaconDataFactory iBeaconDataFactory
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: double getAccuracy()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int getMajor()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int getMinor()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int getProximity()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int getRssi()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int getTxPower()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: java.lang.String getProximityUuid()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int hashCode()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon fromScanData(byte[],int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: void requestData(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconDataNotifier)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: IBeacon(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: IBeacon()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: IBeacon(java.lang.String,int,int,int,int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: IBeacon(java.lang.String,int,int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: double calculateAccuracy(int,double)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: int calculateProximity(double)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: java.lang.String bytesToHex(byte[])
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon: void <clinit>()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconConsumer
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconConsumer: void onIBeaconServiceConnect()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconConsumer: android.content.Context getApplicationContext()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconConsumer: void unbindService(android.content.ServiceConnection)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconConsumer: boolean bindService(android.content.Intent,android.content.ServiceConnection,int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconData: java.lang.Double getLatitude()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconData: void setLatitude(java.lang.Double)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconData: void setLongitude(java.lang.Double)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconData: java.lang.Double getLongitude()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconData: java.lang.String get(java.lang.String)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconData: void set(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconData: void sync(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconDataNotifier)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconData: boolean isDirty()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconDataNotifier
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconDataNotifier: void iBeaconDataUpdate(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconData,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.DataProviderException)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconIntentProcessor
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconIntentProcessor: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconIntentProcessor: boolean initialized
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconIntentProcessor: IBeaconIntentProcessor()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconIntentProcessor: void onHandleIntent(android.content.Intent)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: android.content.Context context
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager client
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: java.util.Map consumers
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: android.os.Messenger serviceMessenger
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.RangeNotifier rangeNotifier
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.MonitorNotifier monitorNotifier
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangingTracker rangingTracker
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: boolean LOG_DEBUG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: long DEFAULT_FOREGROUND_SCAN_PERIOD
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: long DEFAULT_FOREGROUND_BETWEEN_SCAN_PERIOD
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: long DEFAULT_BACKGROUND_SCAN_PERIOD
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: long DEFAULT_BACKGROUND_BETWEEN_SCAN_PERIOD
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: long foregroundScanPeriod
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: long foregroundBetweenScanPeriod
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: long backgroundScanPeriod
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: long backgroundBetweenScanPeriod
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: android.content.ServiceConnection iBeaconServiceConnection
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void setForegroundScanPeriod(long)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void setForegroundBetweenScanPeriod(long)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void setBackgroundScanPeriod(long)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void setBackgroundBetweenScanPeriod(long)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager getInstanceForApplication(android.content.Context)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: IBeaconManager(android.content.Context)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: boolean checkAvailability()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void bind(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconConsumer)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void unBind(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconConsumer)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: boolean isBound(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconConsumer)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: boolean setBackgroundMode(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconConsumer,boolean)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void setRangeNotifier(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.RangeNotifier)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void setMonitorNotifier(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.MonitorNotifier)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void startRangingBeaconsInRegion(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void stopRangingBeaconsInRegion(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void startMonitoringBeaconsInRegion(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void stopMonitoringBeaconsInRegion(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void setScanPeriods()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: java.lang.String callbackPackageName()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.MonitorNotifier getMonitoringNotifier()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.RangeNotifier getRangingNotifier()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: boolean isInBackground()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: long getScanPeriod()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: long getBetweenScanPeriod()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: android.os.Messenger access$102(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager,android.os.Messenger)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: java.util.Map access$200(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager: void <clinit>()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$1
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager this$0
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$1: IBeaconManager$1(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$1: void onServiceConnected(android.content.ComponentName,android.os.IBinder)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$1: void onServiceDisconnected(android.content.ComponentName)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$ConsumerInfo
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$ConsumerInfo: boolean isConnected
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$ConsumerInfo: boolean isInBackground
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$ConsumerInfo: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager this$0
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$ConsumerInfo: IBeaconManager$ConsumerInfo(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$ConsumerInfo: IBeaconManager$ConsumerInfo(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconManager$1)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.MonitorNotifier
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.MonitorNotifier: int INSIDE
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.MonitorNotifier: int OUTSIDE
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.MonitorNotifier: void didEnterRegion(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.MonitorNotifier: void didExitRegion(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.MonitorNotifier: void didDetermineStateForRegion(int,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.RangeNotifier
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.RangeNotifier: void didRangeBeaconsInRegion(java.util.Collection,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.Integer major
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.Integer minor
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.String proximityUuid
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.String uniqueId
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: Region(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Integer)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.Integer getMajor()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.Integer getMinor()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.String getProximityUuid()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.String getUniqueId()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: boolean matchesIBeacon(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: Region(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: Region()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: int hashCode()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.String toString()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region: java.lang.String normalizeProximityUuid(java.lang.String)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.DataProviderException
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.DataProviderException: long serialVersionUID
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.DataProviderException: DataProviderException()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.DataProviderException: DataProviderException(java.lang.String)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.DataProviderException: DataProviderException(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.IBeaconDataFactory
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.IBeaconDataFactory: void requestIBeaconData(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconDataNotifier)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.NullIBeaconDataFactory
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.NullIBeaconDataFactory: NullIBeaconDataFactory()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.NullIBeaconDataFactory: void requestIBeaconData(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconDataNotifier)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.NullIBeaconDataFactory$1
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.NullIBeaconDataFactory$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconDataNotifier val$notifier
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.NullIBeaconDataFactory$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.NullIBeaconDataFactory this$0
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.NullIBeaconDataFactory$1: NullIBeaconDataFactory$1(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.NullIBeaconDataFactory,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeaconDataNotifier)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.NullIBeaconDataFactory$1: void run()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: long DEFAULT_SAMPLE_EXPIRATION_MILLISECONDS
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: long sampleExpirationMilliseconds
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: java.util.ArrayList measurements
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: RangedIBeacon(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: void setSampleExpirationMilliseconds(long)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: void addMeasurement(java.lang.Integer)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: boolean allMeasurementsExpired()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: void refreshMeasurements()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: double calculateRunningAverage()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: void addRangeMeasurement(java.lang.Integer)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon: void <clinit>()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$1
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$Measurement
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$Measurement: java.lang.Integer rssi
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$Measurement: long timestamp
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$Measurement: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon this$0
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$Measurement: RangedIBeacon$Measurement(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$Measurement: int compareTo(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$Measurement)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$Measurement: int compareTo(java.lang.Object)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$Measurement: RangedIBeacon$Measurement(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangedIBeacon$1)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangingTracker
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangingTracker: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangingTracker: java.util.Map rangedIBeacons
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangingTracker: RangingTracker()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangingTracker: void addIBeacon(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangingTracker: java.util.Collection getIBeacons()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.client.RangingTracker: void <clinit>()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback: android.os.Messenger messenger
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback: android.content.Intent intent
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback: Callback(java.lang.String)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback: android.content.Intent getIntent()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback: void setIntent(android.content.Intent)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback: boolean call(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,android.os.Parcelable)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData: IBeaconData(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData: java.util.Collection fromIBeacons(java.util.Collection)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData: java.util.Collection fromIBeaconDatas(java.util.Collection)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData: int describeContents()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData: void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData: IBeaconData(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData: IBeaconData(android.os.Parcel,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData$1)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData: void <clinit>()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData$1
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData$1: IBeaconData$1()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData[] newArray(int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData$1: java.lang.Object[] newArray(int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconData$1: java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: java.util.Map rangedRegionState
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: java.util.Map monitoredRegionState
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: android.bluetooth.BluetoothAdapter bluetoothAdapter
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: boolean scanning
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: boolean scanningPaused
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: java.util.Date lastIBeaconDetectionTime
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: java.util.HashSet trackedBeacons
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: android.os.Handler handler
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: int bindCount
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: long scanPeriod
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: long betweenScanPeriod
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: java.util.List simulatedScanData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: int MSG_START_RANGING
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: int MSG_STOP_RANGING
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: int MSG_START_MONITORING
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: int MSG_STOP_MONITORING
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: int MSG_SET_SCAN_PERIODS
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: android.os.Messenger mMessenger
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: int ongoing_notification_id
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: long lastScanStartTime
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: long lastScanEndTime
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: long nextScanStartTime
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: long scanStopTime
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: android.bluetooth.BluetoothAdapter$LeScanCallback leScanCallback
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: IBeaconService()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: android.os.IBinder onBind(android.content.Intent)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: boolean onUnbind(android.content.Intent)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void onCreate()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void onDestroy()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: boolean isInBackground()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void startRangingBeaconsInRegion(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void stopRangingBeaconsInRegion(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void startMonitoringBeaconsInRegion(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void stopMonitoringBeaconsInRegion(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void setScanPeriods(long,long)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void scanLeDevice(java.lang.Boolean)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void scheduleScanStop()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void finishScanCycle()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void processRangeData()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void processExpiredMonitors()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void processIBeaconFromScan(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: java.util.List matchingRegions(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon,java.util.Collection)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: boolean anyRangingOrMonitoringRegionsActive()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: android.bluetooth.BluetoothAdapter getBluetoothAdapter()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void access$000(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService,java.lang.Boolean)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void access$100(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService: void access$300(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$1
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService this$0
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$1: IBeaconService$1(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$1: void run()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$2
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$2: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService this$0
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$2: IBeaconService$2(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$2: void run()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$3
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$3: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService this$0
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$3: IBeaconService$3(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$3: void onLeScan(android.bluetooth.BluetoothDevice,int,byte[])
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$IBeaconBinder
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$IBeaconBinder: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService this$0
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$IBeaconBinder: IBeaconService$IBeaconBinder(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$IBeaconBinder: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService getService()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$IncomingHandler
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$IncomingHandler: java.lang.ref.WeakReference mService
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$IncomingHandler: IBeaconService$IncomingHandler(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$IncomingHandler: void handleMessage(android.os.Message)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanData: android.bluetooth.BluetoothDevice device
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanData: int rssi
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanData: byte[] scanRecord
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanData: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService this$0
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanData: IBeaconService$ScanData(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService,android.bluetooth.BluetoothDevice,int,byte[])
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService this$0
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor: IBeaconService$ScanProcessor(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor: java.lang.Void doInBackground(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanData[])
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor: void onPostExecute(java.lang.Void)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor: void onPreExecute()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor: void onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Void[])
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor: void onProgressUpdate(java.lang.Object[])
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor: void onPostExecute(java.lang.Object)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor: java.lang.Object doInBackground(java.lang.Object[])
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$ScanProcessor: IBeaconService$ScanProcessor(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.IBeaconService$1)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: long INSIDE_EXPIRATION_MILLIS
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: boolean inside
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: long lastSeenTime
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback callback
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: MonitorState(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback getCallback()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: boolean markInside()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: boolean isNewlyOutside()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: boolean isInside()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitorState: void <clinit>()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: boolean inside
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData regionData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: MonitoringData(boolean,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: boolean isInside()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region getRegion()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: int describeContents()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: MonitoringData(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: MonitoringData(android.os.Parcel,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData$1)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData: void <clinit>()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData$1
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData$1: MonitoringData$1()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData[] newArray(int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData$1: java.lang.Object[] newArray(int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.MonitoringData$1: java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangeState
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangeState: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback callback
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangeState: java.util.Set iBeacons
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangeState: RangeState(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangeState: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.Callback getCallback()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangeState: void clearIBeacons()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangeState: java.util.Set getIBeacons()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangeState: void addIBeacon(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.IBeacon)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: java.lang.String TAG
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: java.util.Collection iBeaconDatas
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData regionData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: RangingData(java.util.Collection,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: RangingData(java.util.Collection,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: java.util.Collection getIBeacons()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData getRegion()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: int describeContents()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: RangingData(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: RangingData(android.os.Parcel,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData$1)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData: void <clinit>()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData$1
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData$1: RangingData$1()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData[] newArray(int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData$1: java.lang.Object[] newArray(int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RangingData$1: java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData: RegionData(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.Integer)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData: RegionData(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.Region)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData: int describeContents()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData: void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData: RegionData(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData: RegionData(android.os.Parcel,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData$1)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData: void <clinit>()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData$1
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData$1: RegionData$1()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData[] newArray(int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData$1: java.lang.Object[] newArray(int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData$1: java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData regionData
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: long scanPeriod
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: long betweenScanPeriod
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: java.lang.String callbackPackageName
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: StartRMData(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData,java.lang.String)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: StartRMData(long,long)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: StartRMData(com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData,java.lang.String,long,long)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: long getScanPeriod()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: long getBetweenScanPeriod()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.RegionData getRegionData()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: java.lang.String getCallbackPackageName()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: int describeContents()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: void writeToParcel(android.os.Parcel,int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: StartRMData(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: StartRMData(android.os.Parcel,com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData$1)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData: void <clinit>()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData$1
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData$1: StartRMData$1()
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData$1: com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData[] newArray(int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData$1: java.lang.Object[] newArray(int)
com.radiusnetworks.ibeacon.service.StartRMData$1: java.lang.Object createFromParcel(android.os.Parcel)
map.navi.Data.NaviNode
map.navi.Data.NaviNode: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
map.navi.Data.POI
map.navi.Data.POI: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
map.navi.Data.PositionNode
map.navi.Data.PushMessageNode
map.navi.component.NaviViewItem: void setImage(int)
map.navi.component.NaviViewItem: void setImage(android.graphics.Bitmap)
map.navi.component.NaviViewItem: int getImageHeight()
map.navi.component.NaviViewItem: int getImageWidth()
map.navi.component.NaviViewItem: void setViewParameters(android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams)
map.navi.component.NaviViewItem: float[] getMatrixValue()
map.navi.component.NavigationRouteSetting
map.navi.component.NavigationRouteSetting: NavigationRouteSetting()
map.navi.component.NavigationView
map.navi.component.NavigationView: NavigationView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
map.navi.component.NavigationView: void setNavigationCalculator(map.navi.component.NavigationCalculator)
map.navi.component.NavigationView: float[] getMoveStepXY()
map.navi.component.NavigationView: float[] getCurrentMoveOnLineCoordinate()
map.navi.component.NavigationView: float[] getLocatePointPixelOnMap()
map.navi.component.NavigationView: float getMapRatio()
